JaMaTa is a prototypical tool for managing different automata models. 
The  documentation is under the folder JaMaTA/doc.

The base package is FSA (Finite State Automata). 
These classes are extended for representing
	- MSCA (Modal Service Contract Automata) extends CA
	- CA (Contract Automata)
	- FMA (Finite Memory Automata)
	- PFSA (Push-down Nominal Automata)
	
The early version of the tool (2012/2013) was realized for checking membership in FMA,PFSA and FSA.
Later in 2015 the CA model was added for implementing the verification techniques
that have been developed by the authors in  [1,2].
In 2016 the MSCA formalism was presented as an extension of CAs in [3], and the corresponding 
classes extend those of CAs with the new functionalities.

The tool is still a prototype and it is currently under development.


MSCA
Under the path workspace/JaMata/MSCAexamples/hotel_reservation/ 
it is possible to load the "hotel reservation" example, more informations are available in [3]

CA
In the workspace it is possible to load the "2 buyers protocol" example, more informations
are available on the file 2BP.



FMA - PFSA - FSA
In the workspace there are different automaton to load:
	- FMAexample1       it is the first example presented in the paper "Finite Memory Automata". This automaton recognize 
						strings where a character appears at least two times. An example of a string recognized by the 
						automaton is "123145".
	- FSAexample		a simple FSA that recognize the strings "12" and "123"
	- PFSAaut3			a PFSA automaton that recognize strings representing balanced parenthesis. An example 
						of a string recognized is: "12234431"

There are other PFSA example used for testing the software.




[1]Davide Basile, Pierpaolo Degano, Gian Luigi Ferrari:
Automata for Analysing Service Contracts. TGC 2014: 34-50

[2]Davide Basile, Pierpaolo Degano, Gian Luigi Ferrari, Emilio Tuosto:
From Orchestration to Choreography through Contract Automata. ICE 2014: 67-85

[3]Davide Basile, Stefania Gnesi, Felicitia Di Giandomenico Pierpaolo Degano, Gian Luigi Ferrari,
Specifying Variability in Services Contract, (submitted)




Software developed with Eclipse Juno and JavaSE-1.7


